Add further normative language in mutual rooms server behaviour (#2407)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/mutual_rooms.md

#### Server behaviour

The server MAY decide that the response to this endpoint is too large, and only return a

> subset of the results. In this case, the server MUST populate the optional field `next_batch`

Reviewer: I don't think we need the RFC keyword here, since it's talking about what happens if the server decides to do something, but I agree that the original "should" is a bit confusing.

```suggestion
subset of the results. In this case, the server populates the optional field `next_batch`
```

Author: Sounds good, yes.
